check out this week's must-see movies
dearest Tom when I first saw you I felt
like I knew you the light between oceans
is a heartbreaking drama about a couple
torn between the child they love and the
truth we have to tell people it's a
lover hello dr. Shapiro in the sci-fi
horror thriller Morgan a risk-management
Pro investigates an incident involving a
dangerous bioengineered girl don't
breathe a blood pumping thriller from
the creators of Evil Dead now you're
gonna see what I see let's check out
this week's fantasy patient so what's
your weekend ticket going to be let us
know in the comments below we'll see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]